# Title: A virtual 1-Dimensional (1D) digital X-ray Scanner (Version 1.0)
Objective:
Implement a piece of code that simulates the operation of an X-ray virtual scanner. Below there
are some numbered questions; in your report include the corresponding answers. You can
implement this code from scratch (any language you want!) or on Python or MATLAB.
Phantom-Virtual Human: This is a rectangle with a trapezoid organ inside it.
X-Rays: (1) they are parallel and (2) there is no scattering inside the virtual human.
Question-1: How many different attenuation coefficients () you need to assign to describe this
virtual human?
Question-2: (a) what is a possible problem when X-rays are scattered inside the patient’s body,
(b) how one may reduce/eliminate them? And (c) what is the penalty of this solution?
Input to your code is:
The resolution of the X-ray scanner
The specific shape and size of the virtual human and the layers of the body with different
attenuation coefficients (). You can use  values either from the literature or your own set! But
you must be careful with the units!
Output of your code is:
The 1D profile of the signal intensity of the x-rays after they go through your virtual human!
Question 4: What determines the resolution of the 1D image generated by your virtual scanner?
Question 5: What happens when you change the resolution of the scanner? As an example,
make your pixel size 5 and 10 times larger. Place on the same graph the 1D profile for different
resolutions.
Question 6: (a) How and why does the 1D X-ray image change if you rotate the trapezoid
structure 180 degrees (upside down)? (b) How and why does the 1D X-ray image change if you
move the trapezoid structure all the way to the TOP of the phantom?
Question 7: Assume that the x-rays are not parallel; rather they come from a point source.
Answer question 6(b) for this condition: How and why does the 1D X-ray image change if you
move the trapezoid structure all the way to the TOP of the phantom?
